SEP-6: added 'id' response attributes for /deposit & /withdraw (#886)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0006.md

Author: SDF
Status: Active (Interactive components are deprecated in favor of SEP-24)
Created: 2017-10-30
Updated: 2021-03-08

> Version 3.4.0

Reviewer: 👏🏻 Perfect.

Name | Type | Description
-----|------|------------
`how` | string | Terse but complete instructions for how to deposit the asset. In the case of most cryptocurrencies it is just an address to which the deposit should be sent.

> `id` | string | (optional) The anchor's internal ID for this deposit request. The wallet will use this ID to query the [`/transaction`](#single-historical-transaction) endpoint to check status of the request.

Reviewer: 💡  Internal ID implies to me it is an ID internal to the anchor that would not be exposed publicly, but in this case it is being exposed to another party. Stating that it is the anchor's ID for the deposit is sufficient.
```suggestion
`id` | string | (optional) The anchor's ID for this deposit. The wallet will use this ID to query the [`/transaction`](#single-historical-transaction) endpoint to check status of the request.
```

`account_id` | `G...` string | The account the user should send its token back to.
`memo_type` | string | (optional) Type of memo to attach to transaction, one of `text`, `id` or `hash`.
`memo` | string | (optional) Value of memo to attach to transaction, for `hash` this should be base64-encoded.

> `id` | string | (optional) The anchor's internal ID for this withdraw request. The wallet will use this ID to query the [`/transaction`](#single-historical-transaction) endpoint to check status of the request.

Reviewer: :bulb Same as above.
```suggestion
`id` | string | (optional) The anchor's ID for this withdrawal. The wallet will use this ID to query the [`/transaction`](#single-historical-transaction) endpoint to check status of the request.
```
